Add notes for environment variable interpolation and multi-package (#779)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.3/docs/tools/assistant.rst

`the Daml forum <https://discuss.daml.com/t/making-the-most-out-of-daml-compiler-warnings/739>`__
for a discussion of the meaning of these warnings and pointers to other
available warnings.

Multi-Package Config File (``multi-package.yaml``)
==================================================
See :ref:`Multi-Package Build<multi-package-build>` for more information on this file.
The ``multi-package.yaml`` file is used to inform Daml Build and the IDE of projects containing multiple

> connected daml packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connected Daml packages.
```

An example is given below:

.. code-block:: yaml

  packages:
    - ./path/to/package/a
    - ./path/to/package/b
  projects:
    - ./path/to/project/a
    - ./path/to/project/b

Here is what each field means:

- ``packages``: an optional list of directories containing Daml packages, and by extension, ``daml.yaml`` config files. These allow Daml Multi-Build to

>   find the source code for dependency dars and build them in topological order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  find the source code for dependency DARs and build them in topological order.
```

- ``projects``: an optional list of directories containing ``multi-package.yaml`` config files, which will extend the above package set for resolving

>   the build order. These exist to allow separation of your project into sub-projects, which can still be built when removed from the surrounding environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the build order. These exist to allow separation of your project into sub-projects which can still be built when removed from the surrounding environment.
```

The ``multi-package.yaml`` file supports `Environment Variable Interpolation <#environment-variable-interpolation>`__.

Environment Variable Interpolation
==================================
Both the ``daml.yaml`` and ``multi-package.yaml`` config files support environment variable interpolation on all string fields.

> Interpolation takes the form of ``${MY_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE}``, which will be replaced with the content of ``MY_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE`` from the
> calling shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interpolation takes the form of ``${MY_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE}`` which are replaced with the content of ``MY_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE`` from the
calling shell.
```

A simple example is given below:

.. code-block:: yaml

  sdk-version: ${SDK_VERSION}
  name: ${PROJECT_NAME}_test
  source: daml
  version: 1.0.0

> Interpolation strings can be escaped with a preceding ``\``, and interpolation can be disabled for a config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interpolation strings can be escaped with a preceding ``\``, and interpolation can be disallowed for a config file
```
